[wrangler]: add `wrangler telemetry` commands and update existing info on telemetry collection (#18350)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/wrangler/system-environment-variables.mdx

Wrangler supports the following environment variables:

- `CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID` <Type text="string" /> <MetaInfo text="optional" />

  - The [account ID](/fundamentals/setup/find-account-and-zone-ids/) for the Workers related account.

- `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN` <Type text="string" /> <MetaInfo text="optional" />

  - The [API token](/fundamentals/api/get-started/create-token/) for your Cloudflare account, can be used for authentication for situations like CI/CD, and other automation.

- `CLOUDFLARE_API_KEY` <Type text="string" /> <MetaInfo text="optional" />

  - The API key for your Cloudflare account, usually used for older authentication method with `CLOUDFLARE_EMAIL=`.

- `CLOUDFLARE_EMAIL` <Type text="string" /> <MetaInfo text="optional" />

  - The email address associated with your Cloudflare account, usually used for older authentication method with `CLOUDFLARE_API_KEY=`.

- `WRANGLER_SEND_METRICS` <Type text="string" /> <MetaInfo text="optional" />

>   - Options for this are `true` and `false`, the default behavior is `true`. Controls whether Wrangler can send anonymous usage metrics to Cloudflare for this project. You can learn more about this in our [data policy](https://github.com/cloudflare/workers-sdk/tree/main/packages/wrangler/telemetry.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Options for this are `true` and `false`. Defaults to `true`. Controls whether Wrangler can send anonymous usage data to Cloudflare for this project. You can learn more about this in our [data policy](https://github.com/cloudflare/workers-sdk/tree/main/packages/wrangler/telemetry.md).
```

- `WRANGLER_HYPERDRIVE_LOCAL_CONNECTION_STRING_<BINDING_NAME>`<Type text="string" /> <MetaInfo text="optional" />

  - The [local connection string](/hyperdrive/configuration/local-development/) for your database to use in local development with [Hyperdrive](/hyperdrive/). For example, if the binding for your Hyperdrive is named `PROD_DB`, this would be `WRANGLER_HYPERDRIVE_LOCAL_CONNECTION_STRING_PROD_DB="postgres://user:password@127.0.0.1:5432/testdb"`. Each Hyperdrive is uniquely distinguished by the binding name.

- `CLOUDFLARE_API_BASE_URL` <Type text="string" /> <MetaInfo text="optional" />

  - The default value is `"https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4"`.

- `WRANGLER_LOG` <Type text="string" /> <MetaInfo text="optional" />

>   - Options for Logging levels are `"none"`, `"error"`, `"warn"`, `"info"`, `"log"` and `"debug"`. Levels are case-insensitive and default to `"log"`. If an invalid level is specified, Wrangler will fallback to the default.

Reviewer: should we specify here that "log" level will print telemetry data?
